about/index.markdown, before:

---
date: '2009-05-10 23:04:44'
layout: page
slug: about
status: publish
title: About
wordpress_id: '164'
group: additional_navigation
---

I'm a well rounded full-stack developer currently specializing in C#, JavaScript and ASP.NET MVC. I'm also fluent in PHP and I dabble in other languages such as Python and Ruby.


## Current employment and activites

I'm currently a Senior Web Developer at [Wakefly](http://www.wakefly.com).

I also build indie games at [Frag Castle Games](http://fragcastle.com) with [Jared Barboza](http://codeimpossible.com).  We have an upcoming title currently undergoing  development.


## Programming languages

In order of proficiency:

- C#
- JavaScript (Raw, Canvas, jQuery)
- HTML / CSS
- VB.NET
- PHP
- SQL (SQL Server and MySQL mostly)
- Python and Ruby - Nothing production worthy, but I've writtena few scripts here and there.

## Frameworks/Tech/Skills

- ASP.NET MVC!  Didn't use v1 much, but v2 was pretty good and v3 and v4 are even better!  I love the whole philosophy of MVC, and how clean it can be.  No more ViewState! IOC and DI FTW!
- Entity Framework - I've done multiple projects using EF and have come to like it.  EF 4 and code first are a decent solution!  However, I've come to prefer...
- [Massive](https://github.com/robconery/massive/) - A fun "Micro ORM" started by [Rob Conery](http://blog.wekeroad.com/helpy-stuff/and-i-shall-call-it-massive) that utilizes the C# 4.0 dynamic keyword.
- [Dapper](http://code.google.com/p/dapper-dot-net/) - The same "Micro ORM" used by [Stack Overflow](http://stackoverflow.com).
- LINQ - LINQ is great and I can't imagine writing code without it.  I've used most aspects of LINQ and consider myself an expert.  I've also used LINQ to SQL on a couple projects, although not since Microsoft decided to stop adding features to it..
- .NET CMS': Kentico, Sitecore, Sitefinty, and (unfortunately) Ektron.
- PHP CMS': I've worked with WordPress a little and have used it extensively.  I've touched Drupal and Joomla a little bit, but my hand was sticky afterwards...
- .NET controls and libraries: iTextSharp, Telerik RAD controls, and some other PDF libraries.
- Web Services: Done a lot of random stuff with different web service technologies like WCF, ASP.NET Web API and REST.


## Work history

### Virgin HealthMiles
**Senior Web Developer, June, 2012 – November 2012**

C#, ASP.NET MVC, ASP.NET, WCF, Web Services, jQuery
- Improved the company’s SAAS platform by:
  - Spearheading the new ASP.NET MVC architecture and Test-Driven Development effort.
  - Designing and implementing a strategy for globalization, switchable themes and flip branding.
  - Improving performance with refactoring and caching.

### Worcester Envelope Company
**Software Engineer, October 2011 - June 2012**

Don't let the name or the dates fool you. Used a wide range of technologies during the short time, accomplishing a great deal:

- Built a web application for iPads for time tracking and material consumption.
- Built applications for mobile barcode scanners and printers for material handling and shipping.
- Relaunched the company website.
- Rebuilt the customer portal.
- Launched a website for the [Envelope Institute of America](http://envelopeinstitute.org).


### Wakefly
**Senior Software Developer, September 2008 - October 2011**

Installed, configured, and developed functionality for various CMS's like Kentico. Certified as a developer and trainer for [Kentico](http://www.kentico.com)! Also worked with other CMS's like Sitecore, Sitefinty, DotNetNuke, Ektron, Drupal, Joomla.  Also developed custom web applications.


### Soma Group
**Software / Application Engineer, May 2006 - September 2008**

Developed CRM and Life Sciences applications.  Acted as a member of the professional services team for RightNow technologies implementing various customizations and extensions to their PHP based SAAS CRM application.  I also developed Life Sciences applications for multiple customers in C# and Winforms.

Commit message:

Adds Monkeyspace reference and video link

about/index.markdown, after:

---
date: '2009-05-10 23:04:44'
layout: page
slug: about
status: publish
title: About
wordpress_id: '164'
group: additional_navigation
---

I'm a well rounded full-stack developer currently specializing in C#, JavaScript and ASP.NET MVC. I'm also fluent in PHP and I dabble in other languages such as Python and Ruby.


## Current employment and activites

I'm currently a Senior Web Developer at [Wakefly](http://www.wakefly.com).

I also build indie games at [Frag Castle Games](http://fragcastle.com) with [Jared Barboza](http://codeimpossible.com).  We have an upcoming title currently undergoing  development.


## Programming languages

In order of proficiency:

- C#
- JavaScript (Raw, Canvas, jQuery)
- HTML / CSS
- VB.NET
- PHP
- SQL (SQL Server and MySQL mostly)
- Python and Ruby - Nothing production worthy, but I've writtena few scripts here and there.

## Accomplishments

I was a speaker at the 2012 [MonkeySpace conference](http://monkeyspace.org/) in Boston, MA. [Jared Barboza](http://codeimpossible.com) and I spoke about Micro-ORM's. [Link to the video on Vimeo](http://vimeo.com/56814733).

## Frameworks/Tech/Skills

- ASP.NET MVC!  Didn't use v1 much, but v2 was pretty good and v3 and v4 are even better!  I love the whole philosophy of MVC, and how clean it can be.  No more ViewState! IOC and DI FTW!
- Entity Framework - I've done multiple projects using EF and have come to like it.  EF 4 and code first are a decent solution!  However, I've come to prefer...
- [Massive](https://github.com/robconery/massive/) - A fun "Micro ORM" started by [Rob Conery](http://blog.wekeroad.com/helpy-stuff/and-i-shall-call-it-massive) that utilizes the C# 4.0 dynamic keyword.
- [Dapper](http://code.google.com/p/dapper-dot-net/) - The same "Micro ORM" used by [Stack Overflow](http://stackoverflow.com).
- LINQ - LINQ is great and I can't imagine writing code without it.  I've used most aspects of LINQ and consider myself an expert.  I've also used LINQ to SQL on a couple projects, although not since Microsoft decided to stop adding features to it..
- .NET CMS': Kentico, Sitecore, Sitefinty, and (unfortunately) Ektron.
- PHP CMS': I've worked with WordPress a little and have used it extensively.  I've touched Drupal and Joomla a little bit, but my hand was sticky afterwards...
- .NET controls and libraries: iTextSharp, Telerik RAD controls, and some other PDF libraries.
- Web Services: Done a lot of random stuff with different web service technologies like WCF, ASP.NET Web API and REST.


## Work history


### Wakefly
**Senior Software Developer, September 2008 - Present**

Installed, configured, and developed functionality for various CMS's like Kentico. Certified as a developer and trainer for [Kentico](http://www.kentico.com)! Also worked with other CMS's like Sitecore, Sitefinty, DotNetNuke, Ektron, Drupal, Joomla.  Also developed custom web applications.


### Virgin HealthMiles
**Senior Web Developer, June, 2012 – November 2012**

C#, ASP.NET MVC, ASP.NET, WCF, Web Services, jQuery
- Improved the company’s SAAS platform by:
  - Spearheading the new ASP.NET MVC architecture and Test-Driven Development effort.
  - Designing and implementing a strategy for globalization, switchable themes and flip branding.
  - Improving performance with refactoring and caching.


### Worcester Envelope Company
**Software Engineer, October 2011 - June 2012**

Don't let the name or the dates fool you. Used a wide range of technologies during the short time, accomplishing a great deal:

- Built a web application for iPads for time tracking and material consumption.
- Built applications for mobile barcode scanners and printers for material handling and shipping.
- Relaunched the company website.
- Rebuilt the customer portal.
- Launched a website for the [Envelope Institute of America](http://envelopeinstitute.org).


### Soma Group
**Software / Application Engineer, May 2006 - September 2008**

Developed CRM and Life Sciences applications.  Acted as a member of the professional services team for RightNow technologies implementing various customizations and extensions to their PHP based SAAS CRM application.  I also developed Life Sciences applications for multiple customers in C# and Winforms.
